import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# __Filters__

Filters are used to filter the songs based on the user's choice. The filters are as follows:

### __.setKaraoke__

This filter is used to set the karaoke mode. The karaoke mode is used to remove the vocals from the song.

```js copy
// set default karaoke mode
player.filters.setKaraoke(true)

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setKaraoke(true, {
    level: 1,
    monoLevel: 1,
    filterBand: 1,
    filterWidth: 1
})

// to disable
player.filters.setKaraoke(false)
```

### __.setTimescale__

This filter is used to change the speed of the song.

```js copy
// set default timescale
player.filters.setTimescale(true)

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setTimescale(true, {
    speed: 1,
    pitch: 1,
    rate: 1
})

// to disable
player.filters.setTimescale(false)
```

### __.setTremolo__

This filter is used to add tremolo effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default tremolo effect
player.filters.setTremolo(true)

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setTremolo(true, {
    frequency: 1,
    depth: 1
})

// to disable
player.filters.setTremolo(false)
```

### __.setVibrato__

This filter is used to add vibrato effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default vibrato effect
player.filters.setVibrato(true)

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setVibrato(true, {
    frequency: 1,
    depth: 1
})

// to disable
player.filters.setVibrato(false)
```

### __.setRotation__

This filter is used to add rotation effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default rotation effect
player.filters.setRotation(true)

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setRotation(true, {
    rotationHz: 1
})

// to disable
player.filters.setRotation(false)
```

### __.setDistortion__

This filter is used to add distortion effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default distortion effect
player.filters.setDistortion(true)

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setDistortion(true, {
    sinOffset: 1,
    sinScale: 1,
    cosOffset: 1,
    cosScale: 1,
    tanOffset: 1,
    tanScale: 1,
    offset: 1,
    scale: 1
})

// to disable
player.filters.setDistortion(false)
```

### __.setChannelMix__

This filter is used to mix the channels of the song.

```js copy
// set default channel mix
player.filters.setChannelMix(true)

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setChannelMix(true, {
    leftToLeft: 1,
    leftToRight: 1,
    rightToLeft: 1,
    rightToRight: 1
})

// to disable
player.filters.setChannelMix(false)
```

### __.setLowPass__

This filter is used to add low pass effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default low pass effect
player.filters.setLowPass(true)

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setLowPass(true, {
    smoothing: 1
})

// to disable
player.filters.setLowPass(false)
```

### __.setBassboost__

This filter is used to add bassboost effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default low pass effect
player.filters.setBassboost(true)

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setBassboost(true, {
    value: 1
})

// to disable
player.filters.setBassboost(false)
```

<Callout type="info">
The value of the bassboost can be between 1 and 5.
</Callout>

### __.setSlowmode__

This filter is used to add slowmode effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default low pass effect
player.filters.setSlowmode(true); 

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setSlowmode(true, {
    rate: 0.8
});

// to disable
player.filters.setSlowmode(false); 
```

### __.setNightcore__

This filter is used to add nightcore effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default low pass effect
player.filters.setNightcore(true); 

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setNightcore(true, {
    rate: 1.5
});

// to disable
player.filters.setNightcore(false); 
```

### __.setVaporwave__

This filter is used to add vaporwave effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default low pass effect
player.filters.setVaporwave(true); 

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.setVaporwave(true, {
    pitch: 0.5
}); 

// to disable
player.filters.setVaporwave(false); 
```

### __.set8D__

This filter is used to add 8D effect to the song.

```js copy
// set default low pass effect
player.filters.set8D(true); 

// or you can adjust it by passing an object
player.filters.set8D(true, {
    rotationHz: 0.2
});

// to disable
player.filters.set8D(false); 
```

# __Clear Filters__

Clears all the filters applied to the song.

```js copy
player.filters.clearFilters();
```
